Samuel
make sure she gets it okay night doing
I'm the driver you called it a coma girl
right not a girlfriend man oh credit
card was invalid give yourself a nice
tip I heard about these I've never seen
one before
yeah well that you have you're not gonna
ask me if she got home okay okay I'm
gonna need anything you might have used
to record what you did to her tonight
get up you know a nice loser
her name is Amy give me a left hand it
was a Star Trek very good five stars for
Amy hey you should let somebody else do
this like Oh anybody you're right I
guess anybody could do it but nobody
does mile that's great you're helping
all these random people stay off the
radar
they killed my friend so I'm gonna kill
each and every one of them the only
disappointment is that I only get to do
it once it's mistake to go to war with
him they're highly trained
they're gonna war with me look at you
your father your mommy just didn't tell
you
on your security if you're lucky they'll
give you the opportunity to do the right
thing you've seen one of those times
well 9-1-1 war you Jackie Chan
[Music]